Create a short Contributing Overview guide (new content) (#1665)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/contributing/index.md

# Introduction

Ember is an open source project that succeeds thanks to the help of volunteers. Community members at any level are invited to help out with anything from bug reports to documentation. This guide will give you some tips on how to get started and where to ask for help if you want to get involved. Thanks in advance for your help!

# Types of contributions

Any change that aims to make an improvement is very welcome!

You can create issues to document many things (list is not exhaustive!):

- Bugs
- Ideas for enhancements
- Code quality (e.g. refactoring)
- Improving the documentation (clarifying, rephrasing, providing more examples, fixing typos, adding missing details)

Creating an issue is a great way to start a discussion and gather opinions of other members of the Ember community. Once a decision has been made, you or someone else can volunteer to work on it, and create a pull request with their work.

> Apart from creating new issues and pull request, another way to contribute is comment on existing issues and pull requests. The more eyes we get on something, the lower the chance we'll overlook potential problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from creating new issues and pull request, another way to contribute is comment on existing issues and pull requests. The more reviewers we get for something, the lower the chance we'll overlook potential problems.
```

> Apart from creating new issues and pull request, another way to contribute is comment on existing issues and pull requests. The more reviewers we get for something, the lower the chance we'll overlook potential problems.

Author: ```suggestion
Apart from creating new issues and pull requests, another way to contribute is comment on existing issues and pull requests. The more reviewers we get for something, the lower the chance we'll overlook potential problems.
```

# Where to get started

A great place to start is helping improve something you personally ran into. E.g. if you found some of the documentation unclear yourself, please create an issue to highlight it, and optionally suggest how to simplify it.

Have a look at the [list of main repositories](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/contributing/repositories/) to learn about the different components of the Ember project.

If you need some inspiration, you can check out the [Help Wanted](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/) dashboard to browse for issues. If you are a beginner, look out for issues with the "Help wanted" and "Good first issue" labels.

# Asking for help

Please comment directly on issues and PRs if you need help. This way others will see and can chime in to help.

> You can also visit emberjs.com/community and join the [Ember.js discord server](https://discord.gg/emberjs). Channels that start with `dev` are for contributors working on the corresponding projects, and they are a great place for questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also visit the [Ember.js Community Page](https://emberjs.com/community) to join the Ember.js Discord server. Channels that start with `dev` are for contributors working on the corresponding projects, and they are a great place for questions.
```

I suggest taking out the link to the Discord server so that if it changes in the future, we only have to update the community page.

Author: Makes sense, good idea!
